- It makes sense to set up shared memory provided the setup "cost"
  can be amortized . What does it mean with an example. 
  
  
  Common goal of multiple processes. 
  Programming example of message passing in linux. 
  OS manages the message passing channel.  Where in linux can this managment of channel be seen?
  Example of shared memory channel?
  What is the need of Message Passing channel sitting in the kernel memory?
  Why the shared memory channel sits in user space? Example of "OS out of the way"?
  
  Scheduler - 
  https://www.quora.com/What-is-the-process-id-PID-of-the-process-scheduler?share=1
  https://www.quora.com/What-is-the-process-id-PID-of-the-process-scheduler/answer/Yao-Wang-12?share=1
  Process waiting for an interrupt, what does it mean?
  If the interrupt makes sure the process ends up on a ready queue, what it entails?
  Is schduling time constant? P1---P2---
  How to see dispatching to the CPU? 
  Show preemption in linux by code snap.
  preempth + schedule + dispatch 
  after fork - both child + parents have duplicate PCB - hence will start execution at same POINT, not TIME
  after exec - pc of child points to first instruction of program 
  https://unix.stackexchange.com/questions/174062/init-as-a-shell-script
  fork then replace image 
  
  How to see PCB in linux? 
  How to see the restore of PCB of P1 To P2.
  Chnage process control block by writing a kernel module.
  See the init process control block of a newly made process.
  Which feild changes very frequently as long as PCB is valid 
  
  What used to happen before there was no   PC register?
  Is the type of counter in PCB a register type?
  PC gets updated on every new instruction - Proof in linux. 
  Hardware maintains stuff for each process, OS collects it, proof?
  How to see the stack pointer in the PCB in linux?
  
  Write a module to see VMAX on a system. Change the system properties and see or not see the changes.
  Some portion of address space swapped on disk?
  How do know the what portion of memory is swapped on disk for a process running?
  How is the disk encryption effects the sawp. 
  Write a module to print stack pointer of the curent process,
  Write a module to print the heap pointer, see the text of current task, dmesg the heap pointer.
  dmesg a virtual address to a physical address, follow the poninter and print it 
  ADDRESS SPACE STATE 
  
